You scared me to death!
Come and cut here
If you dare to be presumptuous again
I don't mind breaking your hamstrings now
Dirty this waste
Don't you feel that your hands are dirty?
You dare, I have Mr. Lin to protect me
Lin Fan you were proud of
Today is his day of death
I really didn't find it
You came out like this trash
I used to see you as a person
Mr. Lin is here today, and none of you can escape
But you still blame yourself a bit
If you serve me well
Maybe I can get Mr. Lin to spare you for courting death
Wait a minute.
Leave him alive
Wait for Lin Fan to come
Let him see his dog with his own eyes
You beat the sentry like this.
Then wait a minute, Mr. Lin will come over.
What can we do if we keep going?
Ouch hello
How do you think we can fight against Lin's?
Ouch, why am I so unlucky?
I am married to Brother Jingchen
Doesn't his matter have nothing to do with your Shen family?